Update source setup - closes #1606 (#1687)
LiskHQ/lisk-docs: modules/ROOT/partials/core-post-installation.adoc

:url_pm2: https://github.com/Unitech/pm2
// :url_config_logrotation: ROOT::run-blockchain/logging.adoc#logrotation
// TODO: un-comment links and respective descriptions when guides are available
:url_process_management: pm2.adoc

== Post-installation (optional)

=== Use pm2 to run Lisk Core in the background

It is recommended to use a process manager such as {url_pm2}[PM2^] to run Lisk Core in the background.
// For further information, please see the xref:url_process_management[Process management guide].

//TODO: Add links back, once the respective docs are updated

> //Check the guide xref:{url_mgmt_pm2}[] for more information.

Reviewer: Line 16
`=== Enable IPC & WS in the config`

Line 20
`.Example: Enable IPC & WS via config.json`

[source,json]
----
"rpc": {
    // enabled communication through 'ipc' or 'ws'

>    	"modes": ["ipc", "ws"]
>     // In case if `modes` include `ws`, this port used
>     "port": 8080,
>     // Change to 0.0.0.0 to connect from a remote server
>     "host": "127.0.0.1"

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    "modes": ["ipc", "ws"]
    // In case if `modes` include `ws`, this port used
    "port": 8080,
    // Change to 0.0.0.0 to connect from a remote server
    "host": "127.0.0.1"
```

[source,json]
----
"rpc": {
    // enabled communication through 'ipc' or 'ws'
    "modes": ["ipc", "ws"]

>     // In case if `modes` include `ws`, this port used

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    // In case `modes` include `ws` then, the following port is used
```
